Add the documentation of anyon tech backend (#2281)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/using/backends/hardware.rst

To see a complete example for using IonQ's backends, take a look at our :doc:`Python examples <../examples/examples>`.

Anyon Technologies/Anyon Computing
==================================

.. _anyon-backend:

Setting Credentials
```````````````````

Programmers of CUDA-Q may access the Anyon API from either
C++ or Python. Anyon requires a credential configuration file with username and password. 
The configuration file can be generated as follows, replacing
the ``<username>`` and ``<password>`` in the first line with your Anyon Technologies

> account details. The credential in the file will be used by the Cuda-Q to login Anyon quantum services 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
account details. The credential in the file will be used by CUDA-Q to login to Anyon quantum services 
```

> and will be updatd by Cuda-Q with obtained api_token and refresh_token. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and will be updated by CUDA-Q with an obtained API token and refresh token. 
```

> Note, the credential line will be deleted in the updated configuration file. Please note that 

Reviewer: Does this mean that the cleartext username/password are replaced with the "id_token" and "refresh_token" when someone runs any CUDA-Q program, or only if they manually run the `curl` command below?

Also, is the "Please note that" comment at the end of the line supposed to have something after it? I think it is an incomplete sentence right now.

Author: good catch. The "please note" should be deleted. Let me commit that change. 
The line is supposed to let the users know that their cleartext username/password will be deleted from the `.anyon_config` file and replaced with lines for `id_token` (in the file the keyword is `key`), `refresh_key` after the first run of CudaQ on the user side. Basically, every time CudaQ runs, it will check if it has the correct credentials (tokens or username/password). If it doesn't see tokens, it will POST the username/password to get tokens from backend ("/login"). After successful authentication of the username/password, tokens returned from the post request will be used to update the .anyon_config with tokens and CudaQ will interact with remote backend using these tokens. It minimizes the frequency of communications between frontend and backend using cleartext username/password as it will only be used once for login. `refresh_key` is the key used for requesting new `id_token` (`key`) if needed in the future. `id_token` (`key`) is used for CudaQ to submit and retrieve jobs with backend.

.. code:: bash

    nvq++ --target anyon --<backend-type> <machine> src.cpp ...

To execute your kernels using Anyon Technologies backends, pass the ``--anyon-machine`` flag to the ``nvq++`` compiler
as the ``--<backend-type>`` to specify which machine to submit quantum kernels to:

.. code:: bash

    nvq++ --target anyon --anyon-machine telegraph-8q src.cpp ...

where ``telegraph-8q`` is an example of a physical QPU (Architecture: Telegraph, Qubit Count: 8).

Currently, ``telegraph-8q`` and ``berkeley-25q`` are available for access over CUDA-Q.

To emulate the Anyon Technologies machine locally, without submitting through the cloud,
you can also pass the ``--emulate`` flag as the ``--<backend-type>`` to ``nvq++``. This will emit any target 
specific compiler warnings and diagnostics, before running a noise free emulation.

.. code:: bash

    nvq++ --target anyon --emulate src.cpp

To see a complete example for using Anyon's backends, take a look at our :doc:`C++ examples <../examples/examples>`.

Submission from Python
`````````````````````````

The target to which quantum kernels are submitted 

> can be controlled with the ``cudaq::set_target()`` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be controlled with the ``cudaq.set_target()`` function.
```

To execute your kernels using Anyon Technologies backends, specify which machine to submit quantum kernels to
by setting the :code:`machine` parameter of the target. 
If :code:`machine` is not specified, the default machine will be ``telegraph-8q``.

.. code:: python

    cudaq.set_target('anyon', machine='telegraph-8q')

> where ``telegraph-8q`` is an example of a physical QPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown above, ``telegraph-8q`` is an example of a physical QPU.
```
